{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs40\lang9 Introduction to CAD/CAM/CAE - PDM - PLM - PLM Tools in market - Introduction to Teamcenter - Overview\par
\par
\b0\fs32 CAD: Computer-Aided Design is the use of software to create 2D or 3D models of physical objects. CAD software is used by engineers, architects, and designers to create detailed designs of products, buildings, and other structures. Some popular CAD software tools include AutoCAD, Inventor, CATIA, Fusion 360, NX Core Designer, SolidWorks, and Creo 1.\par
\par
CAM: Computer-Aided Manufacturing is the use of software to control machine tools and related ones in the manufacturing of workpieces. CAM may also refer to the use of a computer to assist in all operations of a manufacturing plant, including planning, management, transportation, and storage 2.\par
\par
CAE: Computer-Aided Engineering refers to the use of software to simulate the effects of different conditions on the design of a product or structure using simulated loads and constraints. CAE tools are often used to analyze and optimize the designs created within CAD software. Major categories of CAE tools include finite element analysis (FEA), computational fluid dynamics (CFD), and multi-disciplinary design optimization (MDO) 1.\par
\par
PDM: Product Data Management is the process of managing all the data related to a product throughout its lifecycle, from conception to retirement. PDM software is used to manage product data, including design data, engineering changes, and other product-related information 3.\par
\par
PLM: Product Lifecycle Management is the process of managing the entire lifecycle of a product, from conception to retirement. PLM software is used to manage all aspects of a product\rquote s lifecycle, including design, engineering, manufacturing, and service 3.\par
\par
PLM Tools in Market: There are many PLM tools available in the market, including Siemens Teamcenter, Dassault Systemes ENOVIA, PTC Windchill, and Aras Innovator. These tools provide a range of features and capabilities for managing product data and the product lifecycle 3.\par
\par
Teamcenter: Teamcenter is a PLM software tool developed by Siemens. It provides a range of features for managing product data and the product lifecycle, including data management, workflow management, change management, and collaboration tools 3.\par
======================================================\par
\b\fs40 Create Item & Item Revision - Item (a) Types (b) Structure (c) Display (d) Sequence - Revise Item Revision - View & Edit Item & Item Revision Properties - Relationship between Objects - Version of object and its control\par
\b0\fs36\par
Create Item & Item Revision: In Teamcenter, an item is a product or part that is being designed, manufactured, or serviced. An item revision is a specific version of an item that has been released for use. You can create an item revision in the context of a change order or directly from the item 12.\par
\par
Item Types: Items can be classified into different types based on their characteristics and usage. For example, an item can be a part, assembly, document, or drawing 2.\par
\par
Structure: The structure of an item defines the relationships between its components. The structure can be hierarchical, with components nested within other components, or flat, with all components at the same level 2.\par
\par
Display: The display of an item refers to how it is presented in the Teamcenter system. This can include the item\rquote s name, description, and other attributes 2.\par
\par
Sequence: The sequence of an item refers to the order in which its components are assembled or manufactured. This can be important for ensuring that the item is built correctly and efficiently 2.\par
\par
Revise Item Revision: In Teamcenter, you can revise an item revision to create a new version of the item. This can include updating the item\rquote s structure, display, sequence, and other attributes 1.\par
\par
View & Edit Item & Item Revision Properties: In Teamcenter, you can view and edit the properties of an item or item revision. This can include information such as the item\rquote s name, description, structure, sequence, and other attributes 2.\par
\par
Relationship between Objects: In Teamcenter, objects can be related to each other in various ways. For example, an item can be related to a document that describes its design, or a part can be related to an assembly that it is used in 2.\par
\par
Version of object and its control: In Teamcenter, each object has a version number that indicates its revision history. You can control the version of an object by creating new revisions, updating its properties, and managing its relationships with other objects 2\par
===============================================\par
\b\fs40 Dataset - (a) Object Type (b) Named Reference (c) Tool Used (d) Version (e) Create (f) Purge (g) Import (h) Export (i) Modify\par
\par
\b0\fs32 Teamcenter Dataset: A dataset is a collection of files that are related to a specific item or revision in Teamcenter. Datasets can be created, imported, exported, and modified using various tools in Teamcenter 1.\par
\par
Object Type: The object type of a dataset refers to the type of object that the dataset is associated with. For example, a dataset can be associated with an item, a part, or a drawing 1.\par
\par
Named Reference: A named reference is a reference to a file that is stored outside of Teamcenter. Named references can be used to link files to items or revisions in Teamcenter 1.\par
\par
Tool Used: There are various tools in Teamcenter that can be used to create, import, export, and modify datasets. Some of these tools include the Teamcenter Rich Client, the Teamcenter Integration for NX, and the Teamcenter Integration for SolidWorks 1.\par
\par
Version: The version of a dataset refers to the revision history of the dataset. Each time a dataset is modified, a new version is created 1.\par
\par
Create: Creating a dataset involves associating a collection of files with an item or revision in Teamcenter. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter 1.\par
\par
Purge: Purging a dataset involves deleting the dataset and all of its associated files from Teamcenter. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter 1.\par
\par
Import: Importing a dataset involves bringing a collection of files into Teamcenter and associating them with an item or revision. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter 1.\par
\par
Export: Exporting a dataset involves creating a copy of the dataset and its associated files outside of Teamcenter. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter 1.\par
\par
Modify: Modifying a dataset involves changing the files or properties associated with the dataset. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter 1\par
========================================================\par
\b\fs40 4. Folder - (a) Create (b) Delete (c) Rename (d) Add to Favorite Form - (a) Create (b) View/Edit Properties\par
\par
(c) Delete (d) Rename\par
\b0\fs32\par
\par
Teamcenter Folder: A folder in Teamcenter is a container for storing and organizing items, datasets, and other objects. Folders can be created, deleted, renamed, and added to a favorite list in Teamcenter 123.\par
\par
Create: Creating a folder in Teamcenter involves specifying a name and location for the folder. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 1.\par
\par
Delete: Deleting a folder in Teamcenter involves removing the folder and all of its contents from the system. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 1.\par
\par
Rename: Renaming a folder in Teamcenter involves changing the name of the folder while preserving its contents. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 1.\par
\par
Add to Favorite List: Adding a folder to a favorite list in Teamcenter allows you to quickly access the folder from the Teamcenter Home page. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 1.\par
\par
View/Edit Properties: Viewing and editing the properties of a folder in Teamcenter allows you to modify information such as the folder\rquote s name, description, and location. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 3.\par
=========================================================\par
- \b\fs40 Group - User - Role - Basic User Setting - Default Group and Role Setting - Data Check (a) Check-In (b) Check-Out (i) Implicit Check-out (ii) Explicit Check-out (c) Cancel Checkout (d) Transfer Check-Out (e) Check-Out History - View Access Information on each object - Transfer of ownership\par
\par
\par
\b0\fs36 Teamcenter Group: A group in Teamcenter is a collection of users who share common access rights to objects in the system. Groups can be used to manage access to objects, assign roles to users, and control the visibility of objects 1.\par
\par
User: A user in Teamcenter is an individual who has access to the system. Users can be assigned to groups and roles, and can be granted access to objects based on their permissions 1.\par
\par
Role: A role in Teamcenter is a collection of permissions that define what actions a user can perform on objects in the system. Roles can be assigned to users and groups, and can be customized to meet the needs of specific users or groups 1.\par
\par
Basic User Setting: Basic user settings in Teamcenter refer to the default settings that are applied to all users in the system. These settings can include preferences for the user interface, display options, and other system-wide settings 2.\par
\par
Default Group and Role Setting: Default group and role settings in Teamcenter refer to the default groups and roles that are assigned to new users in the system. These settings can be customized to meet the needs of specific users or groups 2.\par
\par
Data Check: Data check in Teamcenter refers to the process of verifying the integrity of data in the system. This can include checking for missing or incorrect data, validating data against predefined rules, and ensuring that data is consistent across the system 3.\par
\par
Check-In: Check-in in Teamcenter refers to the process of saving changes to an object and making it available to other users. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 3.\par
\par
Check-Out: Check-out in Teamcenter refers to the process of reserving an object for exclusive use by a user. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 3.\par
\par
Implicit Check-out: Implicit check-out in Teamcenter refers to the automatic check-out of an object when a user begins editing it. This can be enabled or disabled in the user\rquote s preferences 3.\par
\par
Explicit Check-out: Explicit check-out in Teamcenter refers to the manual check-out of an object by a user. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 3.\par
\par
Cancel Checkout: Cancel checkout in Teamcenter refers to the process of releasing a checked-out object back to the system without saving any changes. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 3.\par
\par
Transfer Check-Out: Transfer check-out in Teamcenter refers to the process of transferring ownership of a checked-out object from one user to another. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 3.\par
\par
Check-Out History: Check-out history in Teamcenter refers to the record of all check-out operations performed on an object. This can be viewed using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 3.\par
\par
View Access Information on each object: Viewing access information on each object in Teamcenter allows you to see which users and groups have access to the object, and what permissions they have. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 1.\par
\par
Transfer of ownership: Transfer of ownership in Teamcenter refers to the process of transferring ownership of an object from one user to another. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 3.\par
===============================================\par
\b\fs40 - Navigate to Structure Manager - Overview of Structure Manager Interface (Menu bar & Tool bar) - Create Assembly (a) Top Level Item (b) Add Component Item (c) Remove Component Item (d) Replace Component Item (e) Substitute Components (f) Alternates Components (g) Save Structure\par
\b0\fs36\par
Navigate to Structure Manager: Structure Manager in Teamcenter is a tool that allows you to view and manage the structure of an assembly. You can navigate to Structure Manager by right-clicking on an item or revision and selecting \ldblquote Send to\rdblquote  -> \ldblquote Structure Manager\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Overview of Structure Manager Interface (Menu bar & Tool bar): The Structure Manager interface in Teamcenter consists of a menu bar and a toolbar. The menu bar provides access to various commands and options, while the toolbar provides quick access to commonly used commands 1.\par
\par
Create Assembly: Creating an assembly in Structure Manager involves adding components to a top-level item. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Add Component Item\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Top Level Item: The top-level item in an assembly is the highest-level component in the structure. It represents the entire assembly and contains all other components as sub-items 1.\par
\par
Add Component Item: Adding a component item to an assembly involves creating a new item and adding it to the structure. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Add Component Item\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Remove Component Item: Removing a component item from an assembly involves deleting the item from the structure. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Remove Component Item\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Replace Component Item: Replacing a component item in an assembly involves swapping one item for another. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Replace Component Item\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Substitute Components: Substituting components in an assembly involves replacing one component with another that has similar functionality. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Substitute Components\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Alternates Components: Alternating components in an assembly involves replacing one component with another that has different functionality. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Alternates Components\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Save Structure: Saving a structure in Structure Manager involves saving the changes made to the assembly. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Save Structure\rdblquote  1\par
==========================================\par
\b\fs40 View/Edit an assembly structure in Structure Manager (a) Data Pane, (b) Expand Structure, (c) Collapse Structure, (d) Columns Sorting, (e) Add Columns, (f) Remove Columns, (g) Move Columns, (h) Sequence Number, (i) Status, (j) Properties,\par
\par
\par
\b0\fs36 Data Pane: The data pane in Structure Manager displays the structure of an assembly, including its components and sub-assemblies. You can view and edit the properties of each component in the data pane 1.\par
\par
Expand Structure: Expanding the structure in Structure Manager involves displaying all of the components and sub-assemblies of an assembly. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Expand Structure\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Collapse Structure: Collapsing the structure in Structure Manager involves hiding the components and sub-assemblies of an assembly. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Collapse Structure\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Columns Sorting: Sorting columns in Structure Manager involves arranging the components and sub-assemblies of an assembly in a specific order. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Sort Ascending\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Sort Descending\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Add Columns: Adding columns in Structure Manager involves displaying additional properties of the components and sub-assemblies of an assembly. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Add Columns\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Remove Columns: Removing columns in Structure Manager involves hiding properties of the components and sub-assemblies of an assembly. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Remove Columns\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Move Columns: Moving columns in Structure Manager involves rearranging the order of the properties of the components and sub-assemblies of an assembly. This can be done using various commands in the toolbar, such as \ldblquote Move Columns\rdblquote  1.\par
\par
Sequence Number: The sequence number in Structure Manager refers to the order in which the components and sub-assemblies of an assembly are displayed. This can be important for ensuring that the assembly is built correctly and efficiently 1.\par
\par
Status: The status of a component or sub-assembly in Structure Manager refers to its current state in the system. This can include information such as whether the component is checked out, whether it has been released for use, and whether it has any pending changes 1.\par
\par
Properties: The properties of a component or sub-assembly in Structure Manager refer to its attributes and characteristics. This can include information such as the component\rquote s name, description, material, and other relevant details 1.\par
===============================================\par
\par
\b - Product Search Option - BOM in Portal Visualization - Revision Rules & Release Statuses (a) Revision Rule Types (b) Release Status Types (c) Default Revision Rule\par
\b0\par
Product Search Option: Product Search Option in Teamcenter is a tool that allows you to search for products based on various criteria, such as name, description, and other attributes. This can be done using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 1.\par
\par
BOM in Portal Visualization: BOM in Portal Visualization in Teamcenter is a tool that allows you to view and manage the structure of an assembly in a web-based interface. You can navigate the structure, view properties of components, and perform other operations using the BOM in Portal Visualization 2.\par
\par
Revision Rules: Revision Rules in Teamcenter are used to determine the revision of each component in the product structure when it is loaded. Revision rules can be used to manage the revision of components based on various criteria, such as release status, date, or other attributes. There are several types of revision rules, including Precise, Imprecise, and Configurable BOM 13.\par
\par
Revision Rule Types: There are several types of revision rules in Teamcenter, including Precise, Imprecise, and Configurable BOM. Precise assemblies are fixed structures of specific item revisions, while Imprecise assemblies are dynamic and refer to items, not specific item revisions, as \par
\par
\par
the revision of components based on specific criteria, such as release status or date 13.\par
\par
Release Status Types: Release Status Types in Teamcenter are used to manage the release of components in the product structure. Release status types can include Working, Released, or other custom statuses. When a component is modified to a new revision, you manually edit the assembly to remove the old revision of the component and replace it with the new 2.\par
\par
Default Revision Rule: The Default Revision Rule in Teamcenter is the revision rule that is applied to an assembly by default. This can be customized to meet the needs of specific users or groups. The default revision rule can be set using various tools in Teamcenter, such as the Teamcenter Rich Client 4.\par
===============================================\par
\b\fs40 Variants (Modular & Legacy) (a) Variant Options (b) Variant Conditions (c) Variant Configurations\par
\par
\par
\par
\b0\fs36 Teamcenter Variants: Variants in Teamcenter are used to manage product structures that have multiple configurations. There are two types of variants in Teamcenter: Modular and Legacy 1.\par
\par
Modular Variants: Modular variants in Teamcenter are used to manage product structures that have a modular architecture. Modular variants allow you to create a set of options and conditions that can be used to configure the product structure. You can then create variant configurations that define the specific configuration of the product structure 1.\par
\par
Legacy Variants: Legacy variants in Teamcenter are used to manage product structures that have a linear architecture. Legacy variants allow you to create a set of options and conditions that can be used to configure the product structure. You can then create variant configurations that define the specific configuration of the product structure 1.\par
\par
Variant Options: Variant options in Teamcenter are used to define the different options that are available for a product structure. Variant options can include things like color, size, or other attributes that can be used to configure the product structure 1.\par
\par
Variant Conditions: Variant conditions in Teamcenter are used to define the conditions that must be met for a particular option to be available. Variant conditions can include things like the presence of other components, the date, or other attributes that can affect the configuration of the product structure 1.\par
\par
Variant Configurations: Variant configurations in Teamcenter are used to define the specific configuration of the product structure. Variant configurations can include things like the specific options that have been selected, the order of components, and other attributes that define the product structure 1.\par
===========================================\par
\b\fs40 Pack/Unpack of lines - Occurrence note type (Create, Modify) - Printing structure in HTML/Text - Precise/Imprecise Assemblies - BOM Compare - Import/Export of structure\par
\par
\b0\fs36 Pack/Unpack of lines: This feature allows you to pack or unpack parts in an assembly in Teamcenter 1. Packing is the process of grouping multiple instances of the same part into a single occurrence, while unpacking is the reverse process of breaking down an occurrence into multiple instances 1.\par
\par
Occurrence note type (Create, Modify): Occurrence notes are used to store additional information about an occurrence in the Bill of Materials (BOM) 2. The note type specifies the type of information that is stored in the occurrence note 2. You can create or modify occurrence note types in the Business Modeler Integrated Development Environment (BMIDE) 2.\par
\par
Printing structure in HTML/Text: This feature allows you to print the structure of an assembly in HTML or text format 3. The structure includes the list of components in the assembly and their relationships 3.\par
\par
Precise/Imprecise Assemblies: Precise assemblies are those that have exact geometry and dimensions, while imprecise assemblies are those that have approximate geometry and dimensions 1. Precise assemblies are used in industries such as aerospace and automotive, where accuracy is critical 1.\par
\par
BOM Compare: This feature allows you to compare two different versions of a Bill of Materials (BOM) 1. The comparison can be done based on attributes such as part number, description, quantity, and so on 1.\par
\par
Import/Export of structure: This feature allows you to import or export the structure of an assembly 1. The structure can be exported in various formats such as JT, STEP, and so on 1.\par
==============================================\b\fs40\par
}
 